content/games/dota.mdx, before:

---
name: Dota 2
icon: "../img/games/dota/icon.svg"
banner: "../img/games/dota/banner.png"
logo: "../img/games/dota/logo.svg"
slug: dota
contacts:
  - name: "Mole"
    discord: mole#6747
  - name: "cosmiK!"
    discord: cosmik#3009
links:
  - text: Rules coming soon
    icon: book
    href: "/rules/dota.pdf"
    class: "btn-secondary"
    disabled: true
prizing:
  tiers:
    - label: Fewer than 5 teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $75
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $75"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $37.50
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $37.50"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $12.50
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $12.50"
    - label: 5 or more teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $150
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $150"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $75
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $75"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $25
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $25"
---

#### Tournament Overview

Gamefest 2021 will have a Dota 2 tournament that is scheduled to occur **only on the first day, April 10<sup>th</sup>**, though overflow onto the second day may occur if more time is needed. The tournament details are as follows:

- 5v5, team-based
- Tournament held on first day, April 10<sup>th</sup>

##### Competitive Structure

Each tournament round will use the **Captain's mode** format and will have an overall format consisting of group stage and playoff sections:

- Phase 1: Team average solo MMRs will be recorded and two groups will be divided. The top four overall teams will proceed to the playoffs
- Phase 2: Semifinals will be played between the finalists of each group and the runner-up of the other group

##### Placement

- First and second place will be determined by a best-of-three grand finals
- Third place will be decided by the winner of a best-of-three decider series

<Section>

#### Prizing

Prizing will be determined at the event by number of ticket-price entrants into each game's prize pool.

Each entrant's $5 entry fee (not including venue fee) goes towards the prize pool. In addition, the prize pool has a base amount that can increase depending on the number of entrants:

- Base prize pool: **$125**
- Increased to **$250** if there are 5+ teams competing

<MultiPrizing tiers={props.prizing.tiers} /></Section>
<Section><Contact contacts={props.contacts} /></Section>

Commit message:

Update games to span both days

content/games/dota.mdx, after:

---
name: Dota 2
icon: "../img/games/dota/icon.svg"
banner: "../img/games/dota/banner.png"
logo: "../img/games/dota/logo.svg"
slug: dota
contacts:
  - name: "Mole"
    discord: mole#6747
  - name: "cosmiK!"
    discord: cosmik#3009
links:
  - text: Rules coming soon
    icon: book
    href: "/rules/dota.pdf"
    class: "btn-secondary"
    disabled: true
prizing:
  tiers:
    - label: Fewer than 5 teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $75
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $75"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $37.50
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $37.50"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $12.50
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $12.50"
    - label: 5 or more teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $150
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $150"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $75
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $75"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $25
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $25"
---

#### Tournament Overview

Gamefest 2021 will have a Dota 2 tournament that will span **both days** and feature the following:

- 5v5, team-based
- Tournament held on first day, April 10<sup>th</sup>

##### Competitive Structure

Each tournament round will use the **Captain's mode** format and will have an overall format consisting of group stage and playoff sections:

- Phase 1: Team average solo MMRs will be recorded and two groups will be divided. The top four overall teams will proceed to the playoffs
- Phase 2: Semifinals will be played between the finalists of each group and the runner-up of the other group

##### Placement

- First and second place will be determined by a best-of-three grand finals
- Third place will be decided by the winner of a best-of-three decider series

<Section>

#### Prizing

Prizing will be determined at the event by number of ticket-price entrants into each game's prize pool.

Each entrant's $5 entry fee (not including venue fee) goes towards the prize pool. In addition, the prize pool has a base amount that can increase depending on the number of entrants:

- Base prize pool: **$125**
- Increased to **$250** if there are 5+ teams competing

<MultiPrizing tiers={props.prizing.tiers} /></Section>
<Section><Contact contacts={props.contacts} /></Section>
