content/games/fighting-games.mdx, before:

---
name: Fighting Games
icon: "../img/games/fighting-games/icon.svg"
banner: "../img/games/fighting-games/banner.jpg"
logo: "../img/games/fighting-games/logo.svg"
slug: fighting-games
links:
  - text: Register
    icon: ticket-alt
    href: "/register/"
    class: "btn-primary"
prizing:
  tiers:
    - label: Fewer than 40 entrants
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60%
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30%
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10%
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool"
    - label: 40 or more entrants
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 50%
          items:
            - text: "<em>50%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 2
          amount: 25%
          items:
            - text: "<em>25%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 3
          amount: 15%
          items:
            - text: "<em>15%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 4
          amount: 10%
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool"
---

#### Tournament Overview

Gamefest 2021 will have a variety of different fighting game tournaments, with Melee/Ultimate tournaments occurring on **the second day, April 11<sup>th</sup>** and all other fighting game tournaments occurring on the **first day, April 10<sup>th</sup>**

If you bring a setup for any of our fighting games tournaments, **we will waive your ticket price.** We need help making the tournaments possible and community setups help us accomplish that. If you have already paid, let us know when check in or feel free to DM a tournament organizer and we can refund your ticket price.

##### Games list

- Smash Ultimate
- Smash Melee
- Tekken
- BBtag
- Guilty Gear
- UNIST
- DBFZ

<Section>

#### Prizing

Prizing will be determined at the event by number of ticket-price entrants into each game's prize pool. Each entrant's $5 entry fee (not including venue fee) goes towards the prize pool.

<MultiPrizing tiers={props.prizing.tiers} />
<Space h={20} />

**If over 40 participants are present, a 4th place will be added and prizing will be redistributed as follows: 50 / 25 / 15 / 10*

</Section>

Commit message:

Update fighting games info and csgo & league prizing

content/games/fighting-games.mdx, after:

---
name: Smash Melee
icon: "../img/games/fighting-games/icon.svg"
banner: "../img/games/fighting-games/banner.jpg"
logo: "../img/games/fighting-games/logo.svg"
slug: fighting-games
contacts:
  - name: Patrick "ptdubs"
    discord: ptdubs#9188
prizing:
  tiers:
    - label: Fewer than 40 entrants
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60%
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30%
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10%
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool"
    - label: 40 or more entrants
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 50%
          items:
            - text: "<em>50%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 2
          amount: 25%
          items:
            - text: "<em>25%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 3
          amount: 15%
          items:
            - text: "<em>15%</em> of prize pool"
        - place: 4
          amount: 10%
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool"
---

#### Tournament Overview

Gamefest 2021 will feature a Super Smash Bros. Melee tournament.

<Section>

#### Prizing

Prizing will be determined at the event by number of ticket-price entrants into each game's prize pool. 

Each entrant's $5 entry fee (not including venue fee) goes towards the prize pool.

<MultiPrizing tiers={props.prizing.tiers} />
</Section>
<Section><Contact contacts={props.contacts} /></Section>
