content/games/hearthstone.mdx, before:

---
name: Hearthstone
icon: "../img/games/hearthstone/icon.png"
banner: "../img/games/hearthstone/banner.jpg"
logo: "../img/games/hearthstone/logo.png"
slug: hearthstone
contacts:
  - name: Drew "Abnormal202"
    discord: Jroo#4156
links:
  - text: Official rules
    icon: book
    href: "/rules/hearthstone.pdf"
    class: "btn-secondary"
prizing:
  tiers:
    - label: Fewer than 5 teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $30
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $30"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $15
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $15"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $5
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $5"
    - label: 5 or more teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $60
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $60"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $30
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $30"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $10
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $10"
---

#### Tournament Overview

Gamefest 2021 will have a Hearthstone tournament that is scheduled to occur **only on the first day, April 10<sup>th</sup>**, though overflow onto the second day may occur if more time is needed. The tournament details are as follows:

- 1v1, with teams of up to 3 allowed
- PCs, mobile, or tablets allowed
- Tournament held on first day, April 10<sup>th</sup>

##### Competitive Structure

The tournament will use the Conquest format in which each round is a best of five:

- 4 standard format decks required
- 1 ban

<Section>

#### Prizing

Prizing will be determined at the event by number of ticket-price entrants into each game's prize pool.

Each entrant's $5 entry fee (not including venue fee) goes towards the prize pool. In addition, the prize pool has a base amount that can increase depending on the number of entrants:

- Base prize pool: **$50**
- Increased to **$100** if there are 5+ teams competing

<MultiPrizing tiers={props.prizing.tiers} /></Section>
<Section><Contact contacts={props.contacts} /></Section>

Commit message:

Update games to span both days

content/games/hearthstone.mdx, after:

---
name: Hearthstone
icon: "../img/games/hearthstone/icon.png"
banner: "../img/games/hearthstone/banner.jpg"
logo: "../img/games/hearthstone/logo.png"
slug: hearthstone
contacts:
  - name: Drew "Abnormal202"
    discord: Jroo#4156
links:
  - text: Official rules
    icon: book
    href: "/rules/hearthstone.pdf"
    class: "btn-secondary"
prizing:
  tiers:
    - label: Fewer than 5 teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $30
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $30"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $15
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $15"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $5
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $5"
    - label: 5 or more teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $60
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $60"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $30
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $30"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $10
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $10"
---

#### Tournament Overview

Gamefest 2021 will have a Hearthstone tournament that will span **both days** and feature the following:

- 1v1, with teams of up to 3 allowed
- PCs, mobile, or tablets allowed
- Tournament held on first day, April 10<sup>th</sup>

##### Competitive Structure

The tournament will use the Conquest format in which each round is a best of five:

- 4 standard format decks required
- 1 ban

<Section>

#### Prizing

Prizing will be determined at the event by number of ticket-price entrants into each game's prize pool.

Each entrant's $5 entry fee (not including venue fee) goes towards the prize pool. In addition, the prize pool has a base amount that can increase depending on the number of entrants:

- Base prize pool: **$50**
- Increased to **$100** if there are 5+ teams competing

<MultiPrizing tiers={props.prizing.tiers} /></Section>
<Section><Contact contacts={props.contacts} /></Section>
