content/games/rocket-league.mdx, before:

---
name: Rocket League
icon: "../img/games/rocket-league/icon.svg"
banner: "../img/games/rocket-league/banner.jpg"
logo: "../img/games/rocket-league/logo.svg"
slug: rocket-league
contacts:
  - name: Joseph "Cureallgood"
    discord: CureAllgood#1878
links:
  - text: Official rules
    icon: book
    href: "/rules/rocket-league.pdf"
    class: "btn-secondary"
prizing:
  tiers:
    - label: Fewer than 5 teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $45
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $45"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $22.50
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $22.50"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $7.50
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $7.50"
    - label: 5 or more teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $90
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $90"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $45
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $45"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $15
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $15"
---

#### Tournament Overview

Gamefest 2021 will have a Rocket League tournament that is scheduled to occur **only on the second day, April 11<sup>th</sup>**. The tournament details are as follows:

- 3v3, team-based
- Tournament held on second day, April 11<sup>th</sup>

##### Competitive Structure

Each tournament round will use the **standard 3v3 game mode**, and the overall tournament is as follows:

- The first phase will be Swiss, which we'll use as seeding for a knockout single-elimination bracket.
- The Swiss matches will be best-of-3, and all bracket matches (except the finals match) will be best-of-3. The bracket finals will be best-of-5

##### Map Pool

- Mannfield Day
- Mannfield Night
- DFH stadium
- Utopia Coliseum
- Beckwith Park
- Farmstead
- Champions Field

<Section>

#### Prizing

Prizing will be determined at the event by number of ticket-price entrants into each game's prize pool.

Each entrant's $5 entry fee (not including venue fee) goes towards the prize pool. In addition, the prize pool has a base amount that can increase depending on the number of entrants:

- Base prize pool: **$75**
- Increased to **$150** if there are 5+ teams competing

<MultiPrizing tiers={props.prizing.tiers} /></Section>
<Section><Contact contacts={props.contacts} /></Section>

Commit message:

Update games to span both days

content/games/rocket-league.mdx, after:

---
name: Rocket League
icon: "../img/games/rocket-league/icon.svg"
banner: "../img/games/rocket-league/banner.jpg"
logo: "../img/games/rocket-league/logo.svg"
slug: rocket-league
contacts:
  - name: Joseph "Cureallgood"
    discord: CureAllgood#1878
links:
  - text: Official rules
    icon: book
    href: "/rules/rocket-league.pdf"
    class: "btn-secondary"
prizing:
  tiers:
    - label: Fewer than 5 teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $45
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $45"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $22.50
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $22.50"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $7.50
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $7.50"
    - label: 5 or more teams
      places:
        - place: 1
          amount: 60% + $90
          items:
            - text: "<em>60%</em> of prize pool plus $90"
        - place: 2
          amount: 30% + $45
          items:
            - text: "<em>30%</em> of prize pool plus $45"
        - place: 3
          amount: 10% + $15
          items:
            - text: "<em>10%</em> of prize pool plus $15"
---

#### Tournament Overview

Gamefest 2021 will have a Rocket League tournament that that will span **both days** and feature the following:

- 3v3, team-based
- Tournament held on second day, April 11<sup>th</sup>

##### Competitive Structure

Each tournament round will use the **standard 3v3 game mode**, and the overall tournament is as follows:

- The first phase will be Swiss, which we'll use as seeding for a knockout single-elimination bracket.
- The Swiss matches will be best-of-3, and all bracket matches (except the finals match) will be best-of-3. The bracket finals will be best-of-5

##### Map Pool

- Mannfield Day
- Mannfield Night
- DFH stadium
- Utopia Coliseum
- Beckwith Park
- Farmstead
- Champions Field

<Section>

#### Prizing

Prizing will be determined at the event by number of ticket-price entrants into each game's prize pool.

Each entrant's $5 entry fee (not including venue fee) goes towards the prize pool. In addition, the prize pool has a base amount that can increase depending on the number of entrants:

- Base prize pool: **$75**
- Increased to **$150** if there are 5+ teams competing

<MultiPrizing tiers={props.prizing.tiers} /></Section>
<Section><Contact contacts={props.contacts} /></Section>
